Okay,
guys.
So now we're going to speak about the window,
deactivate events.
So the window deactivate event works the same way as the window activate event.
Except that it worked on deactivating the window instead of activating the window.
And also,
I'm going to compare it to the workbook deactivate event as well.
So actually,
it's has the same relationship as the relationship between the activate and the window
activate that we've discussed on the previous video.
So I've got here the message boxes that I had except that I just changed them to
deactivated on each one.
Okay,
so I've got pretty much the same set up here as the one that I had on the previous video on
.
Now,
if I activate a window here online workbook that schooled workbook events and now I'm going
to deactivate and then go to another window he could see air that axity only the message
box for deactivating the window works.
But the message box for deactivating the workbook does not work because we have not moved
to another workbook.
We have moved to the same workbook.
It's just another window of the same workbook.
OK,
but if we move to another workbook.
Okay,
Both of them get triggered.
So here the window deactivation message box gets triggered on.
Then the workbook deactivation message box gets triggered as well.
On this one year got trigger because we moved to another workbook.
OK,
so it's basically the window deactivate event.
Thank you very much watching this video I'll see on the next one.